README.markdown, before:

# VIVO Widgets

A project build to work with an instance of [VIVO](http://vivoweb.org/).  You can also find documentation on the [VIVO Wiki](http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/vivo/index.php?title=VIVO_Widgets)

# Background

VIVO Widgets is made of up the following parts.

  1. The web service which used indexed data from VIVO pulled via SPARQL.
  1. Web page widget builder for creating the JavaScript snippets to be included in other sites.
  1. Template changes VIVO that allow for the "Add to my web site".
  1. Web Page Widgets: Embeddable JavaScript that allows content to be easily added to other website from VIVO.
  1. OpenSocial Widget: OpenSocial application that allows a user to search content in VIVO from their OpenSocial container.
  1. JSR 286 Portlet: provide an portlet that can be deployed to JSR compliant portal (like [Liferay](http://www.liferay.com/)).


# Building from Source

  1. Download and setup [sbt](http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/).

  2. Clone the VIVO Widgets project (TODO).

  3. Change into the project directory and launch [sbt](http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool).

      $ sbt

  4. Fetch the dependencies.

      > update

  5. Start Jetty, enabling continuous compilation and reloading.

      > jetty-run
  
  6. Browse to http://localhost:8080/.

Commit message:

FDP-727: added "Add to my web site" links for VIVO and documentation

README.markdown, after:

# VIVO Widgets

A project build to work with an instance of [VIVO](http://vivoweb.org/).  You can also find documentation on the [VIVO Wiki](http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/vivo/index.php?title=VIVO_Widgets)

# Background

VIVO Widgets is made of up the following parts.

  1. The web service which used indexed data from VIVO pulled via SPARQL.
  1. Web page widget builder for creating the JavaScript snippets to be included in other sites.
  1. Template changes VIVO that allow for the "Add to my web site".
  1. Web Page Widgets: Embeddable JavaScript that allows content to be easily added to other website from VIVO.
  1. OpenSocial Widget: OpenSocial application that allows a user to search content in VIVO from their OpenSocial container.
  1. JSR 286 Portlet: provide an portlet that can be deployed to JSR compliant portal (like [Liferay](http://www.liferay.com/)).


# Building from Source

  1. Download and setup [sbt](http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/).

  2. Clone the VIVO Widgets project (TODO).

  3. Change into the project directory and launch [sbt](http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool).

      $ sbt

  4. Fetch the dependencies.

      > update

  5. Start Jetty, enabling continuous compilation and reloading.

      > jetty-run

  6. Browse to http://localhost:8081/.

# Adding "Add to my web site" links to VIVO

  1. Copy contents of productMods into your VIVO productMods directory

  2. Add the following to the bottom of your VIVO productMods/templates/freemarker/body/individual/individual--foaf-person.ftl file:

    <#-- Widget Links -->
    <#include "individual--widget-links.ftl">

  The individual--widget-links.ftl template will use javascript to decorate the page with links to the widget application.

  3. To customize link formatting and locations modify the WidgetConfig javascript object in individual--widget-links.ftl using any combination of javascript, freemarker or text:

     urlBase: points to url where the widget app is deployed
     vivoId:  person URI minus your default namespace (this will be removed in the next iteration and the full URI will be passed automatically in the generated url's in the query string)
     builderLink: url of the full builder for the given URI
     collectionLink: function returning the HTML the will link to the default embed code for a given collections, takes the collection name as an argument
     collectionLinkMap: maps CSS selector -> collection name, a collection link for the mapped collection will be inserted after any HTML element matching the specified CSS selector
